refactor(docs): Clean up readme a bit (#16849)
azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk: .github/README.md

## Introduction

AzerothCore is an open-source game server application and framework designed for hosting massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPGs). It is based on the popular MMORPG World of Warcraft (WoW) and seeks to recreate the gameplay experience of the original game from patch 3.3.5a.

The original code is based on MaNGOS, TrinityCore, and SunwellCore and has since then had extensive development to improve stability, in-game mechanics, and modularity to the game. AC has also grown into a community-driven project with a significant number of contributors and developers. It is written in C++ and provides a solid foundation for creating private servers that mimic the mechanics and behavior of the official WoW servers.

## Philosophy

Our main goal is to create a playable game server, offering a fully working in-game experience.

Here are the main points we focus on:

* Stability
  * We make sure all changes pass the CIs before being merged into the master branch.

* Blizzlike content
  * We strive to make all in-game content to be blizzlike. Therefore we have a high standard for fixes being made.

* Customization

>   * It should be easy to customize your experience using [modules](#modules).

Reviewer: This seems like a weird way to phrase it, but I don't know what a better way would be. Just seems oddly hopeful.

Author: perhaps we can change it to `It is easy to... `

Reviewer: > perhaps we can change it to `It is easy to... `

Works for me. 👍

Author: ```suggestion
  * It is easy to customize your experience using [modules](#modules).
```

* Community driven

>   * AzerothCore has an active community of developers, contributors, and users who collaborate, share knowledge, and provide support through forums, Discord channels, and other communication platforms 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * AzerothCore has an active community of developers, contributors, and users who collaborate, share knowledge, and provide support through forums, Discord channels, and other communication platforms. 
```

### Modules

AzerothCore is designed to be highly modular, allowing developers to extend and customize the game to suit their preferences or create unique gameplay experiences. This flexibility enables the addition of custom features, content, and modifications.

> We have a lot of modules already made by the community which can be found in the [Module Catalouge](https://www.azerothcore.org/catalogue.html#/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a lot of modules already made by the community, many of which can be found in the [Module Catalogue](https://www.azerothcore.org/catalogue.html#/).
```

Not all modules are displayed in the catalogue, both due to an issue (iirc) and not all modules being labelled appropriately.

## Installation

Detailed installation instructions are available [here](http://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/installation).

## Contributing

> AzerothCore can also serve as a learning resource for aspiring developers who want to understand how WoW servers work, how MMORPGs are structured, how game server emulators are created or to improve their C++ and SQL knowledge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AzerothCore can also serve as a learning resource for aspiring developers who want to understand how WoW servers work, how MMORPGs are structured, how game server emulators are created, or to improve their C++ and SQL knowledge.
```

If you want to contribute to the project, you will find a lot of resources that will guide you in our [wiki](https://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/contribute).

> We also recommend you read our [CODE OF CONDUCT](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: Does this need to be capitalized?

Author: just did it due to the file name, but it could also be named `Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct` as that is the header of the file

Reviewer: > just did it due to the file name, but it could also be named `Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct` as that is the header of the file

Fancy, I like it. 👍

Author: ```suggestion
We also recommend you read our [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/blob/master/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> Feel free to join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/gkt4y2x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/gkt4y2x).
```

Could also be an exclamation point like the sentence below.

> Click on the "⭐ Star" button to help us gain more visibility on Github!

Reviewer: Might look better using backticks (`) instead of double quotation marks (").

Author: that defeats the emoji

## Authors & Contributors

> This project exists thanks to the [AUTHORS](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/blob/master/AUTHORS).

Reviewer: Does this need to be capitalized?

Author: just due to the file name. can be changed

Reviewer: > just due to the file name. can be changed

Probably should, makes a bit more sense as a sentence that way.

Author: ```suggestion
This project exists thanks to the [authors](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/blob/master/AUTHORS).
```

## Important Links

> - [Doxygen Documentation](https://www.azerothcore.org/pages/doxygen/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Doxygen documentation](https://www.azerothcore.org/pages/doxygen/index.html)
```
Capitalization consistency with other links.

- [Website](http://www.azerothcore.org/)
- [AzerothCore catalogue](http://www.azerothcore.org/catalogue.html  "Modules, tools, and other stuff for AzerothCore") (modules, tools, etc...)
- [Our Discord server](https://discord.gg/gkt4y2x)

> - [Our wiki](http://www.azerothcore.org/wiki "Easy to use and developed by AzerothCore founder")

Reviewer: I know this wasn't an addition on your part, but why are there statements in these hyperlinks that aren't visible to a reader?

Author: they are visible if you hover over them. I guess that's why they were originally added

Reviewer: > they are visible if you hover over them. I guess that's why they were originally added

Learn something new every day, I guess. I don't mind 'em then.

> - [Our Forum](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/discussions/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Our forum](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/discussions/)
```
Capitalization consistency with other links.

- The new AzerothCore source components are released under the [GNU AGPL v3](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/blob/master/LICENSE-AGPL3)
- The old sources based on MaNGOS/TrinityCore are released under the [GNU GPL v2](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk/blob/master/LICENSE-GPL2)

> It's important to note that AzerothCore is not an official Blizzard Entertainment product, and it is not affiliated with or endorsed by World of Warcraft or Blizzard. AzerothCore does not in any case sponsor nor support illegal public servers. If you use this project to run an illegal public server and not for testing and learning it is your own personal choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that AzerothCore is not an official Blizzard Entertainment product, and it is not affiliated with or endorsed by World of Warcraft or Blizzard Entertainment. AzerothCore does not in any case sponsor nor support illegal public servers. If you use this project to run an illegal public server and not for testing and learning it is your own personal choice.
```
